README.md, before:

# pyrb - Python Rebalancer

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-v3.11-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)
![Supported Brokerages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Brokerages-EBest-orange)

`pyrb` is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for automating stock portfolio rebalancing. Built with Python, the tool fetches real-time stock prices and interacts with your brokerage API to place buy/sell orders for optimal asset allocation.

## Features

- Real-time stock price fetching via EBest API
- Portfolio analysis for asset allocation
- Order placement for portfolio rebalancing
- Supports multiple brokerages through a plug-and-play architecture
  - Currently supports for the EBest brokerage

## Installation

You can install `pyrb` directly from GitHub:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
```

Or, clone the repository and install manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
cd pyrb
pip install .
```

## Usage

First, set up your environment variables to configure EBest API keys:

```bash
export EBEST_APP_KEY="your_app_key_here"
export EBEST_APP_SECRET="your_app_secret_here"
```

Run the tool with:

```bash
pyrb rebalance --investment-amount 1000
```

This will fetch real-time prices and calculate optimal allocation for your portfolio with a total investment of ₩1000.

## Development

This project is built using Python 3.11 and Typer for the CLI interface. The project is specifically tailored for EBest but designed with a plug-and-play architecture to support additional brokerages in the future.

To set up a development environment, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
cd pyrb
poetry install --sync
```

### Running Tests

Run the test suite with:

```bash
pytest
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

📝 add docs for paper trading mode (#9)
---

<details open="true"><summary>Generated summary (powered by <a href="https://app.graphite.dev">Graphite</a>)</summary>

> # Pull Request Description
> 
> ## TL;DR
> This pull request adds instructions to the README.md file on how to set up environmental variables for paper trade mode.
> 
> ## What changed
> The README.md file was updated with instructions on how to set up environmental variables for paper trade mode. This includes the addition of `EBEST_PAPER_APP_KEY` and `EBEST_PAPER_APP_SECRET`.
> 
> ```diff
> +If you want to use the paper trade mode, set up the environmental variables as follows:
> +
> +```bash
> +export EBEST_PAPER_APP_KEY="your_paper_app_key_here"
> +export EBEST_PAPER_APP_SECRET="your_paper_app_secret_here"
> +```
> ```
> 
> ## How to test
> To test this change, follow the instructions in the updated README.md file to set up the environmental variables for paper trade mode. Then, run the tool and verify that it works as expected in paper trade mode.
> 
> ## Why make this change
> This change was made to provide clear instructions for users who want to use the paper trade mode. This will make it easier for users to get started with the tool and use it in a way that suits their needs.
</details>

README.md, after:

# pyrb - Python Rebalancer

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-v3.11-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)
![Supported Brokerages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Brokerages-EBest-orange)

`pyrb` is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for automating stock portfolio rebalancing. Built with Python, the tool fetches real-time stock prices and interacts with your brokerage API to place buy/sell orders for optimal asset allocation.

## Features

- Real-time stock price fetching via EBest API
- Portfolio analysis for asset allocation
- Order placement for portfolio rebalancing
- Supports multiple brokerages through a plug-and-play architecture
  - Currently supports for the EBest brokerage

## Installation

You can install `pyrb` directly from GitHub:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
```

Or, clone the repository and install manually:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
cd pyrb
pip install .
```

## Usage

First, set up your environment variables to configure EBest API keys:

```bash
export EBEST_APP_KEY="your_app_key_here"
export EBEST_APP_SECRET="your_app_secret_here"
```

If you want to use the paper trade mode, set up the environmental variables as follows:

```bash
export EBEST_PAPER_APP_KEY="your_paper_app_key_here"
export EBEST_PAPER_APP_SECRET="your_paper_app_secret_here"
```

Run the tool with:

```bash
pyrb rebalance --investment-amount 1000
```

This will fetch real-time prices and calculate optimal allocation for your portfolio with a total investment of ₩1000.

## Development

This project is built using Python 3.11 and Typer for the CLI interface. The project is specifically tailored for EBest but designed with a plug-and-play architecture to support additional brokerages in the future.

To set up a development environment, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/pyrb.git
cd pyrb
poetry install --sync
```

### Running Tests

Run the test suite with:

```bash
pytest
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.
